First Watch: A casual daytime café known for its fresh, made-to-order breakfast, brunch, and lunch options. Featuring a menu filled with healthy dishes, seasonal ingredients, and indulgent classics, First Watch is perfect for families, friends, or solo diners looking for a laid-back atmosphere and great coffee.
Images/firstwatch.jpg
32.2359364,-110.8387845
Anonymous
First Watch is always a favorite of mine and I am still working my way through trying everything on their menu. This time around I tried the Morning Meditation and Market Skillet Hash. The food was good and it was good value. It is definitely filling! My husband and I went early on a Sunday morning and it was quiet and empty. Our service could have been better, but still always a good experience.
4
Anonymous
The food isn't fresh here like other locations. It lacks flavor and presentation. The pancake and toast we got were both very soggy. The carrot and pecan pancake has raisins in it, which wasn't advertised on the menu. The service was decent. Our waiter was fine, didn't come around much. It was decently quiet for a week day in the early afternoon, typical ambience for brunch.
2

Buendia Breakfast & Lunch Cafe: A must go to breakfast and brunch spot nestled in the heart of Tucson, Arizona! This family owned restaurant serves amazing vibrant traditional Sonoran dishes. Known for including their mouth water dishes like Chilaquiles Divorciados and Chorizo Molletes. This spot offers a delightful mix of authenticity and comfort, making it the ultimate destination for breakfast and brunch.
Images/buendia.jpg
32.2525205,-110.9623489
AwesomeGuy776
Amazing place I always take my family to. I always get their Cafe De Olla, and my wife loves their hues Divorciados. Service is always warm and welcoming. We've been going here for years, and recommend it to anyone in the area wanting to try authentic Mexican breakfast and lunch.
4
Jerryeats77
Buendia is an absolute gem. I was in the area hearing about it, but underestimated how busy this place was early in the morning. Wait time was around 45 minutes. Took a while to get my food, but overall service was decent but the food was spectacular. They have a fixed menu price for $15, so you know I had to get a steal with the number 2 breakfast entree.  
5

Prep & Pastry: A chic and casual eatery offering inventive takes on breakfast and brunch classics. Known for its farm-to-table approach and craft cocktails, Prep & Pastry creates a vibrant yet relaxed ambiance perfect for weekend meetups or mid-morning indulgence.
Images/prep-pastry.webp
32.2142208,-111.0245376
Anonymous
Prep & Pastry was an absolute delight! I had the Duck Confit Hash, and it was heavenly. The service was quick and friendly, and the atmosphere was lively but not overwhelming. Their craft cocktails are a must-try, especially the Mimosa Flight.
5
Anonymous
The food was decent but definitely overpriced for what you get. I tried the Eggs Benedict, and while it was tasty, it came out lukewarm. The coffee was weak and not worth the price. The vibe is trendy but too crowded for my taste.
3