Lumbre Pizza A La Lena: In the heart of Tucson, Az this spot offers fresh pizza made daily, with a unique twist on traditional pizza this place is locally and family owned. Known for their Calabacitas pizza and Nutella pizza, it's a place to try if you're ever in town for a unique pizza spot.
Images/lumbre.jpg
32.220925,-110.9667419
Jakob 
Very great pizza I had for lunch today. Made fresh and very unique flavors. Owners are very friendly and acknowledge every customer. I had the elote pizza and their emotes with their special sauce on top. Will definitely be back again!
5
itsiCHARLES
Pizza is the bomb.com always good and service is always amazing. Little confusing on google maps but it's located in Cartel Roasting.
5

Locale Italian Neighborhood: Located in Tucson, AZ this spot offers a warm and inviting environment. Known for their handmade Italian dishes like Eggplant Parmesan and amazing Tiramisu, this spot combines traditional flavors with local ingredients. Ideal for every occasion, this place serves exceptional food, laid-back vibes, and attentive service making it a must visit spot for Italian cuisine.
Images/locale.jpg
32.2230174,-110.9086583
Jessica 
Amazing restaurant with amazing food! Atmosphere is comforting, and the attention by the staff is unmatched in town. Always at the top of their game. This time I had their Bruschetta, and the eggplant parmesan. I will definitely be back! 
5
Zoo man 
Biggest bang for your buck. Has amazing food along with amazing service. Worth every penny! Not to mention the portion sizes are spectacular. Atmosphere can be a bit loud as we had to shout at each other, but would come back again!
5

Blue Willow: Located in Tucson, AZ this cozy 1930s home is a spot known for its warm atmosphere. Known not just only for their lush greenery and natural lighting, their menu features standout dishes such as Sonoran Carnitas Benedict. Having flavorful options and friendly service. It's a great place for dining, and their onsite gift shop adds an extra layer of charm.
Images/blue-willow.jpg
32.254418,-110.9435241
Frogsunite
This place has a special personality of its own, filled with natural lighting and tons of greenery it gives the restaurant an earthy feel. Wait time was about 30-45 minutes but it's so worth the wait. Plus there's a gift shop that I checked out so time went by fast! We had the Benedicts: Sonoran Carnitas with Veggies, plus a simple breakfast and eggs. Delicious food and amazing service would be coming back! 
4
Fred
Food was good, but it was a bit too salty, nothing to really balance or enhance the dish I had. Service was good though.
3